March 16-27, 2026
Innovation Challenge March 2026

Welcome to the March hackathon!
If you missed our kick off conversation, check out the recording to get advice on how to get the most from this hackathon!
Watch the orientation video to see how to register for the hackathon and how to use the Innovation Studio site to set up a project and connect with a team
Official Rules
By participating in this Hackathon you are agreeing to the INNOVATION CHALLENGE HACKATHON OFFICIAL RULES.
How to get started
1.   	Choose a Challenge
2.   	Create a project or Explore projects to find a team
3.   	Set up the GitHub repository for your project
4.   	Check out the Activities tab to find helpful sessions
5.   	Questions? Check out the Discussions or send mail to msdev@microsoft.com
About Projects
Hackers will be participating in teams of 2-5. Teams come together around a Project where you show the community what you are working on.  One member of the team should start the Project by clicking on the “+ Create project” button in the upper right of this page. The Project Owner can then invite team members to join or members can find and join the Project themselves from the Projects page. By the end of the Hackathon your Project should include
·    	A short description
·    	The Challenge you are solving
·    	A video featuring a demo of your project, including a presentation describing your project goals, your solution components and architecture, how you thought through your approach, and any key learnings
·    	The PowerPoint presentation from your video
·    	A link to your code repository on GitHub
Choose the Challenge you will solve
On the “Challenges” tab, review the use cases and with your team, choose the one for which you will build a solution. Add that information to your team’s project page.
Set up the GitHub repository where you will collaborate
A repository contains all of your code, your files, and each file's revision history. You can discuss and manage your work within the repository. Learn more about working with repos.
Advisors
Software development happens in a community of people willing to help each other build new capabilities. Coaches from our sponsored organizations and Microsoft employees are making themselves available to answer questions and coach teams through their journey. You can search for advisors on the “Find Advisors” tab.
Events and resources
Be sure to tune in to the kick off where we’ll give tips about how to have a successful hackathon. And throughout duration of the hackathon we’ll feature helpful sessions where you can get advice, guidance and learn from the community. You can find both the live and recorded videos on our YouTube playlist
We’ll also be posting links to other resources and materials using a GitHub repo we created for this event, including Discussions. We invite you to jump in to share and help each other too!  
Prizes
Entries will be judged by Microsoft subject matter experts. 
The best entries will be awarded prizes to be divided equally among all members.
One $10,000 top prize
Two $5,000 second place prizes
Three $2,500 third place prizes
Judging will happen the week of March 30, based on the following criteria and weighting
Performance 25%
Innovation 25%
Breadth of Azure services used 25%
Responsible AI 25%
